So the first surveys we will see into Cognito
is called Cognito User Pools, or CUP.
And, this is a way to create a serverless database
for your web and mobile application users.
So, what is a serverless database?
That means that your users can use, for example,
a simple login, their username or their email,
and a password combination,
to connect into your applications.
They can also obviously reset their passwords,
we can, thanks to Cognito User Pools,
do an email and phone number verification,
we can enable multi-factor authentication for our users,
and we are able to tell our users they can login
with Google, Facebook, or even SAML,
so this is called Federated Identities.
So this is pretty much the thing you see
when you go onto any other website,
they ask you to register users,
either create a username/password,
or login Google, Facebook, or some other way.
There is a feature that you can block users
if their credentials are compromised elsewhere,
so AWS scans the web for compromised credentials,
and will let your user knows into Cognito User Pools,
and then finally,
and then finally, when your users log in
with the Cognito User Pool, what they get back from the API
is a JWT, so a JSON Web Token.
So, in a diagram, what does our Cognito User Pool look like?
Well, they're a database of users,
so CUP will have its own internal database of users
that we can see,
and then our mobile applications
and our web application can login
against our Cognito User Pool,
and when they are logged in,
the CUP will return to our user,
our mobile applications and our web applications,
a JSON Web Token, JWT.
As I said, we can also provide login with Amazon, or Google,
or Facebook, facility into our Cognito User Pools,
so we can do Federation
through Third Party Identity Providers,
and offer a social login through a social identity provider,
so login with Google, login with Facebook.
We can also integrate more specific
identity providers with SAML, or even OpenID Connect,
if you're identity provider supports OpenID Connect.
So, that's for how CUP works at a high level,
then let's talk about the integrations within AWS for CUP.
So CUP integrates with the API Gateway
and the Application Load Balancer natively,
so for the API Gateway, we've seen how that works already,
our users will authenticate with our Cognito User Pool,
and retrieve the JSON Web Token from it,
then they will pass the web token,
the JSON Web Token, to the API Gateway,
which will evaluate the Cognito Token
and make sure that it is valid,
and then, allowing us to access our backend,
and this is how we provide authentication
onto our API Gateway.
But, very simply, we can also use
an Application Load Balancer,
so using Application Load Balancer Listeners and Rules,
we are able to authenticate our users
against Cognito User Pools, and then once done,
we can forward our users to the backend in our Target Group,
which could be EC2 instances, Lambda functions,
or ECS containers.
So that's it for high level of Cognito User Pools,
now let's do a hands on in the next lecture,
to practice and see how they work in details.